Detached/Hashed Payloads Presentation (#62)
scitt-community/scitt-web: community.md

Below is a list of recording of previous meetings and a description of key themes. You can also visit or bookmark the SCITT Community channel's [playlist for all community meetings](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBGM6oRzemY&list=PL_84g0sN1F8FrrqM2eNVu3NARA4jEWF_L&pp=iAQB) to keep current or watch them in order. You can find external presentation slides and recordings on the [presentation page](/presentations).

> - [20240607](TBD): On June 17, 2024 Steve Lasker presented a proposal for setting the SCITT Signed Statement Payload to a hash enabling signature verification without having to fetch the entire payload. This is aligns with [draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope](https://or13.github.io/draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope/draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope.html)

Reviewer: It finished rendering, so you can just accept this recommendation and we are ready to go.

```suggestion
- [20240607](https://youtu.be/g4362iPXDIQ): On June 17, 2024 Steve Lasker presented a proposal for setting the SCITT Signed Statement Payload to a hash enabling signature verification without having to fetch the entire payload. This is aligns with [draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope](https://or13.github.io/draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope/draft-steele-cose-hash-envelope.html)
```

Reviewer: Or rather, why don't I do it for us? 😆
